br: update doc for encrypt (#6790)
pingcap/docs: br/use-br-command-line-tool.md

In the above example, for the incremental backup data, BR records the data changes and the DDL operations during `(LAST_BACKUP_TS, current PD timestamp]`. When restoring data, BR first restores DDL operations and then the data.

> ### Encrypt the backup data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Encrypt data during backup
```

> - the system variable tables (`mysql.tidb`，`mysql.global_variables`) cannot be restored.
> - the user information tables (such as `mysql.user` and `mysql.columns_priv`) cannot be restored.
> - GC data cannot be restored.
>
> Restoring system tables might cause more compatibility issues. To avoid unexpected issues, **DO NOT** restore system tables in the production environment.

### Decrypt backup data

> After the encrypted backup of the data, you need to pass in the corresponding decryption parameters to restore the data. If the decryption algorithm or key is incorrect, the data cannot be restored. You need to ensure that the decryption parameters and encryption parameters are consistent. An example of decrypting the backup data is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After encrypting the backup data, you need to pass in the corresponding decryption parameters to restore the data. You need to ensure that the decryption parameters and encryption parameters are consistent. If the decryption algorithm or key is incorrect, the data cannot be restored. 

The following is an example of decrypting the backup data:
```

> After the encrypted backup of the data, you need to pass in the corresponding decryption parameters to restore the data. If the decryption algorithm or key is incorrect, the data cannot be restored. You need to ensure that the decryption parameters and encryption parameters are consistent. An example of decrypting the backup data is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After encrypting the backup data, you need to pass in the corresponding decryption parameters to restore the data. You need to ensure that the decryption parameters and encryption parameters are consistent. If the decryption algorithm or key is incorrect, the data cannot be restored. 

The following is an example of decrypting the backup data:
```

> - the system variable tables (`mysql.tidb`，`mysql.global_variables`) cannot be restored.
> - the user information tables (such as `mysql.user` and `mysql.columns_priv`) cannot be restored.
> - GC data cannot be restored.
>
> Restoring system tables might cause more compatibility issues. To avoid unexpected issues, **DO NOT** restore system tables in the production environment.

> ### Decrypt backup data

Reviewer: what about the title of "Encrypt data during backup" and "Decrypt data during restore" int below context ?

> ### Decrypt backup data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Decrypt data during restore
```
